Mark Xamarin as end of support (#3725)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: knowledge/android/MASVS-CODE/MASTG-KNOW-0004.md

- A library can no longer be maintained or hardly be used, which is why no vulnerabilities are reported and/or fixed. This can lead to having bad and/or vulnerable code in your application through the library.
- A library can use a license, such as LGPL2.1, which requires the application author to provide access to the source code for those who use the application and request insight in its sources. In fact the application should then be allowed to be redistributed with modifications to its sourcecode. This can endanger the intellectual property (IP) of the application.

> Please note that this issue can hold on multiple levels: When you use webviews with JavaScript running in the webview, the JavaScript libraries can have these issues as well. The same holds for plugins/libraries for Cordova and React Native apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this issue can occur at multiple levels. If you use webviews with JavaScript running in the webview, these issues can affect the JavaScript libraries as well. The same applies to plugins and libraries in cross-platform mobile frameworks such as Cordova and React Native apps.
```
